1) Down and Out
It's good to be here! How've you been?
Check my bags, boy! Where's my room?
Gotta sit on the phone, that's my game.
Keep up the pressure all the way!

I don't want to beat about the bush
but none of us are getting any younger.
There's people out there who could take your place.
A more commercial view! A fresher face!

I need a shower, take a nap
I'll meet you in the bar, we must have a rap.
There's a lot on the line, a lot to say.
And there's something I must tell you today.

You and I both knew the score,
you can't go on like this forever.
So it's with regret that I tell you now
that from this moment on,
you're on your own!

I don't talk round corners, right between the eyes
If you're slow they'll run past you,
Stand tall, see them falling over.
I walk a straight line, right between the eyes.
But just show me the door, show me someone who'll do it better.

The drinks are on me, be my guest.
Smoke a cigar? Take the best.
Don't hedge your bets, we can make a deal,
got it in your pocket, how do you feel?

So glad that's over, now you know,
but I'm only acting under orders.
And looking down on you from way up here.
You've gotts sink or swim, get off the floor!

I don't talk round corners, right between the eyes
If you're slow they'll run past you,
Stand tall, see them falling over,
I walk a straight line, right between the eyes.
But just show me the door, show me someone who'll do it better.


2) Undertow
The curtains are drawn
Now the fire warms the room.
Meanwhile outside
Wind from the north-east chills the air,
It will soon be snowing out there.

And some thete are
Cold, they prepare for a sleepless night.
Maybe this will be their last fight.

But we're safe in each other's embrace,
All fears go out as I look on your face-

Better think awhile
Or I may never think again.
If this were the last day of your life, my friend,
Tell me, what do you think you would do then?

Stand up to the blow that fate has struck upon you,
Make the most of all you still have coming to you, or
Lay down on the ground and let the tears run from you,
Crying to the grass and trees and heaven finally on your knees

Let me live again, let life come find me wanting.
Spring must strike again against the shield of winter.
Let me feel once more the arms of love surround me,
Telling me the danger's past, I need not fear the icy blast again.

Laughter, music and perfume linger here
And there, and there,
Wine flows from flask to glass and mouth,
As it soothes, confusing our doubts.

And soon we feel,
Why do a single thing to-day,
There's tomorrow sure as I'm here.

So the days they turn into years
And still no tomorrow appears.

Better think awhile etc.


3) Ballad of Big
Big Jim Cooley commanded respect, whatever he wanted he could get.
The badge on his waistcoat shone in the sun.
It ain't no lie, Big Jim was feared by everyone.

In the saloon one evening Big took a bet
with a rancher whose name I forget.
He wanted a herd taken over the plain,
and he called Jim `yellow', he'll never do that again.

He got mad!
He threw his badge on the floor and walked out,
he's gonna give it a try, he left no doubt.

"Must be mad, must be mad"!
The people wished him well, and good luck.
"Hell, I don't need it"! He laughed , got on
his horse and rode away.

Over on the trail, Jim 'n' his crew of five
were trying their best to keep the cattle alive.
The weather was hard, but so were the men,
Though I don't think even Jim'll try this trip again.

His horses were edgy, sensing trouble ahead,
but the trouble didn't start till the men were in bed
A-whooping and a-hollering and flashing their knives,
Big and his men were jumped by an all-star Indian tribe.

He was scared, Big Jim was scared
Alive, they called him lucky, but not today.
Cos he died like all good cowboys with his boots on next to his men.

Big Jim, he still won't lie down,
for him the bet is still on.
Some say he rides there, cursing still.
Some say they've seen him.


4) Snowbound
Lay your body down upon the midnight snow,
Feel the cold of winter in your hair
Here in a world of your own,
In a casing that's grown
To a children's delight
That arrived overnight.

And here they come to play their magic games
Carving names upon your frozen hand.
Here in a world of your own,
Like a sleeper whose eyes
Sees the pain with surprise
As it smothers your cries
They'll never never know.

Hey there's a Snowman
Hey, Hey what a Snowman
Pray for the Snowman
Ooh, Ooh what a Snowman
They say a snow year's a good year
Filled with the love of all who lie so deep.

Smiling faces tear your body to the ground
Covered red that only we can see.
Here in a ball that they made
From the snow on the ground,
See it rolling away
With wild eyes to the sky
They'll never, never know.

Hey there's a Snowman
Hey what a Snowman
Pray for the Snowman
Ooh, Ooh what a Snowman
They say a snow year's a good year
Filled with the love of all who lie so deep.

Hey there goes the Snowman
Hey there what a Snowman
Hey there lies the Snowman
Hey he was a Snowman
They say a snow year's a good year
Filled with the love of all who lie so deep.


5) Burning Rope
The warming sun, the cooling rain,
The snowflake drifting on the breath of the breeze,
The lightning bolt that frees the sky for you
Yet only eagles seem to pass on through.
Ther words of love, the cries of hate,
And the man in the moon who seduced you
Then finally loosed you.

You climbed upon a burning rope to escape the mob below,
But you had put the flaming out so that others could not follow,
To be out of the bounds and the barks of those who do not wish you well.
You must blaze a trail of your own, unknown, alone,
But keep in mind
Don't live to-day for tomorrow like you were immortal.
The only survivors on this world of ours are
The warming sun etc.

You're old
and disillusioned now as you realise at last,
That all all you have accomplished here will have soon all turned to dust.
You dream of a future after life, well that's a maybe, I don't know.
But you cant take what you left behind, you're all alone.
So keep in mind
Don't live to-day for tomorrow like you were immortal.
The only survivors on this world of ours are
The warming sun etc.


6) Deep In The Motherlode
Get out of the way fat man. You got something to do
Go fill up your hands till they're shining up at you.
You gotta get out while there's gold in the air
It's falling like water, coming down from the hills.

Go West young man
Earn a dollar a day just like your family said.
You're rolling your days right on into the night
The head of the line's going way out of sight.
Go West young man like your family said

All along the wagons
All along the dusty trail.
Seventeen years not over a day
Like children in the wild.
Your mother's milk still wet on your face
And no one to pray for your safe journey home.

Out beyond the desert
To cross the mountains by the lake.
Servants who leave their masters house
Are walking all the way.
The golden fields that beckoned you
Are darkened by the years.

Go West young man
If you knew then what you know today
You'd be back where you started a happier man
And leave all the glory to those who have remained.

Go West young man
Go West young man, like your family said.


7) Many Too Many
Many too many have stood where I stand
Many more will stand here too,
But I think what I find strange is the way you built me up
Then knocked me down again.

The part was fun but now it's over,
Why can't I just leave the stage?
Maybe that's because you securely locked me up
Then threw away the key.

Oh mama,
Please would you find the key.
Oh pretty mama,
Please won't you let me go free.
I thought I was lucky
I thought that I'd got it made.
How could I be so blind?

You said good-bye on a corner
That I thought led to the straight.
You set me on a firmly laid and simple course
And then removed the road.

Oh mama,
Please help me find my way.
Oh pretty mama,
Please lead me through the next day.
I thought I was lucky
I thought that I'd got it made.
How could I be so blind?


8) Scenes From A Night's Dream
Little Nemo rubbed his eyes and got out of bed,
trying hard to piece together a broken dream.
His visions lifelike and full of imagination
it's strange to think they come from such a tiny head.

Dragons breathing fire, but friendly.
Mushrooms as tall as houses.
Giant Nymphs and goblins playing,
scenes from a night's dream, poor little Nemo!

Eating all kinds of food so close to bedtime
always made him have these nightmares, it seemed.

Helped young Washington in the garden,
cut the cherry tree down.
Now we all know that's not history,
scenes from a night's dream, poor little Nemo!

"Nemo, get out of bed!"
"Don't tell me stories, I don't want to know!"
"Come on you sleepy head, we're waiting to go!"

Once he went to the 'Carnival of Nations'
dancing with the princess through the night.

Found themselves on a moving platform
ten ton weights above them,
seeking audience with King Morpheus.
Scenes from a night's dream, poor little Nemo!

"Nemo, get out of bed!"
"Don't tell me stories, I don't want to know!"
"Come on you sleepy head, we're waiting to go!"


9) Say It's Alright Joe
Say it's alright Joe,
I need another drink
To blow on the glass so I know I'm alive

Play me a song Joe
To fill the hours till morning
Then never again will I bother you
Ooh, Build myself a tower
No way in no way out.
Then my friends can visit me
Once in a while.

Say it's alright Joe.
I need some reassurance
You never know what you might find in the night.
Ooh I'm just a busy bee, still alone in my hive,
I'm looking for some other world
To dream out my dreams.

There were Kings who were laughing in the rain
And they told me I'd come here to lead the parade
All the colours were changing, Yhe sky was in ruins
The lights are all shining on me and on you
Shine on.........

Say it's alright Joe
The night will soon be over
And nothing and no one will ever know.
Open my eyes Joe
I'd like to see the daylight
The clock on the wall says it's time to leave.
Never seen the same face twice
Never walked the same way
The little love that I have known
I keep to myself.

If there's a fire it's asleep in my bed
I must leave it to burn until it burns itself out
Catch as you can I'm not staying here long
I'll be coming back early or never at all
Shine on........


10) The Lady Lies
The man steps out in the moonlight
At the sound of a scream from below.
He thinks he is a warrior
So he picks op his sword and goes.

From the mouth of the monster
He rescues the maiden fair.
But we know she's a demon
Come to lure him to the demon's lair.

Through restless foliage and tall trees he leads
To a house in a clearing, a place in her fear she calls home.

'Come with me, I need you,
I fear the dark and I live all alone.
I'll give you wine and food too
And something special after if you like.'

And though his body bids him
To enter in with her,
There was something in her manner
That his mind could not ignore.

For who knows what magic takes place in his world?
So he just thanks her kindly preparing to go on his way.

'Come with me, I need you,
I fear the dark and I live all alone.
I'll give you wine and food too
And something special after if you like.

Come to my garden,
Taste the fruits and the spices of love.
You can't resist me,
I'm the kind that your dreams tell you of.'

'So glad you could make it
We had everything arranged.
So glad you saw fit to pay a call.'

Some men never listen,
Others never learn,
But why this man did as he did
Only he will ever know.

He knew he was walking
Into a wailing trap,
Neatly set up for him
With a bait so richly wrapped.

So he went inside there to take on what he found
But he never escaped them, for who can escape what he desires?

'Come with me, I need you,
I fear the dark and I live all alone.
I'll give you wine and food too
And something special after if you like.'


11) Follow You Follow Me
Stay with me,
My love I hope you'll always be
Right here by my side if ever I needed you
Oh my love

In your arms,
I feel so safe and so secure
Everyday is such a perfect day to spend
Alone with you

I will follow you will you follow me
All the days and nights that we know will be
I will stay with you will you stay with me
Just one single tear in each passing year

With the dark,
I see so very clearly now
All my fears are drifting by me so slowly now
Fading away

I can say
The night is long but you are there
Close at hand I'm better for the smile you give
And while I live

I will follow you will you follow me
All the days and nights that we know will be
I will stay with you will you stay with me
Just one single tear in each passing year there will be

I will follow you etc.